to review for you guys and I went into
Sephora and because I had a good part
and I didn't know what to buy so I
decided to try on a few foundations and
I came across the Givenchy corner that I
have at my local Sephora and it's a
pretty small one so I decided to just
look at the things that I had and when I
tried the foundation and I put it on my
hands I just fell in love with it I love
the way the foundation felt on my hand
and the coverage that it had so I just I
don't match for my skin color and I just
got it I didn't even try it on so this
is the first time that I'm trying it on
and I decided to do a review and a demo
of first impressions - of this formation
so I'm going to insert a clip right here
of me applying the foundation this is a
conventional photo perfection foundation
and I am in the color 106 perfect pecan
to start off I'm going to prime my face
using my professional primer and then
I'm going to apply it with my Sigma flat
kabuki brush f80 Lee my first impression
when I'm putting it on my face is that
it doesn't have crazy coverage yes
basically the same amount of coverage as
the Makeup Forever Foundation which is
the one that I love I don't like heavy
heavy coverage I like medium coverage so
I really liked how the foundation felt
as soon as I put it in my skin I love
that it doesn't have strong smell the
first thing I have to say every single
time I review a foundation is that I
want to let you guys know that I have
combination skin a little bit more
towards the dry side and the oily side
and I've heard of this foundation is
great for combination skin and I really
do think it is I hope that it doesn't
feel like I have foundation on it goes
in really
really smooth like right now I have it
on and I feel like I have regular just
powder on I don't feel like I have
foundation I oh the color the beginning
comes out a little bit wider and then
when the physician says into your skin
then it gives you the true color to me I
have a perfect match this color was a
perfect match for me
this foundation goes on so smoothly it
even out my skin tone I really really
feel like I don't have anything on this
is the only foundation that I've ever
tried on I don't feel like a Memorial
Foundation even more than my Make Up For
Ever foundation this one I feel like I'm
not wearing anything at all and I feel
like it looks so flawless I didn't set
it with powder either because I don't
want it to be too too matte because I
have dry skin so I just applied the
foundation and I went over with my brush
not putting anything on the brush just a
brush how it is with the leftover powder
that I've had from before so since I
didn't say I feel like it looks so much
more natural I don't have to say I don't
think this will be great if you have
oily skin I have a feeling that if you
have oily skin is just gonna bring out
the oils on your face but definitely if
you have dry skin it would help out the
dryness it does not cling into dry
patches when I was applying it on it was
air to up in the morning because I was
getting ready to go to work and now I'm
back home and it's now six I have not
touched up I have not done anything to
my face and I feel like it still looks
pretty flawless I also noticed that
usually with foundations I put on
bronzer and
like and by midday I don't have it
anymore it just goes away with my
Foundation and with this one I feel like
everything has stayed on my face and it
just brings out the beauty of my skin it
doesn't sound too cheesy
Tessie has SPF 20 it does leave a little
bit of a white cast in pictures but if
you bronze your face a little bit and
put blush it shouldn't be that bad so
finish up this review and first
impressions I'm just going to go ahead
and go through the things and the
questions that I always ask myself
whenever I'm looking for review and it's
this foundation is great for combination
skin I wouldn't personally recommend it
for oily skin I think you're gonna have
to be retouching a lot it has light
medium coverage like I said I don't
think you can get it all the way to full
coverage but if that doesn't matter to
you like it doesn't matter to me then it
is a great foundation and to finish off
I feel like this foundation blurt out
all of my perfections in my skin and
that is what I love about it the most
that is it for this video thank you guys
so much for watching if you have any
other questions or something I didn't
mention please leave it down below and I
would answer again thank you guys so
much for watching this video and I'll
see you guys in my next one bye